hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm gonna show
you a sci-fi superhero film the Robocop
in a new show the host is covering the
peacekeeping actions in Iran where the
city is patrolled with robotic
peacekeepers capable of maintaining law
and order in hot spots while the
civilians there are rebelling against
the militarized robots who seem to show
no mercy to even the unarmed people
the bloody killing of the robots fails
the public support in the United States
were under the pressure the government
has to pass a law forbidding deployment
of militarized robots in the United
States
it's definitely unpleasant to the boss
of the OCP company who develops these
robots so the boss comes up with a
proposal for developing a mild cyborg
police officer which would help change
the public opinion toward such
technology but the doctor in charge of
such research tells that only someone
who is stable enough to handle high
pressure can be turned into the cyborg
police officer and some candidates are
rejected a Detroit Police Detective
Murphy is conducting an investigation
over a local drug dealer when he
pretends to be a buyer for the drug
dealing the drug dealer gets informed by
the insider from police during the fight
Murphy escapes out but with one
colleague killed Murphy goes back home
depressed deeply by the time he's gonna
let go his hormone with his sweetheart
he is distracted by the car alarm
downstairs he soon comes down for a
check but gets himself badly injured in
a car bomb explosion arranged by the
drug dealer hoping to make her husband
Murphy stay alive the wife agrees to
sign off on the procedure to make Murphy
a candidate for the cyborg rebuild three
moths later in the lab upon waking up
and realizing his transformation
Murphy flies into rage and escapes from
the lab but the doctor shuts him down
and brings him back
as the doctor reveals to Murphy his
human body parts that are left only
where if he cannot believe what's
happened to him he feels collapsed and
asks for euthanasia but the doctor
reminds murphy about his beloved wife
and son and convinces him to live on
during the combat training murphy proves
unable to compete with the standard
robots in efficiency due to human
emotions involved nevertheless the boss
seems to care only the efficiency and
orders the doctor to get rid of the
emotion thing so the doctor alters the
programming to make Murphy more
efficient by having drone programming
take over his actions this increases his
efficiency dramatically but also makes
him less empathetic due to his human
nature being bypassed the boss feels
very satisfied with the update and
cannot wait any longer
to unveil such new kind of robotic cop
to the public later that night Murphy
goes home for his beloved wife and son
and then promises to his former
colleague he'll find out the insider and
terminate the drug dealer however
shortly before the publishing when
Murphy is input with some programs in
crime data which include the crime
scenes of his being killed in the car
bomb explosion Murphy turns so emotional
that he almost breaks down due to the
overload with no choice the doctor has
to remove his emotions entirely which
makes Murphy ignored his wife and son
and walks before the public with his
poker face but he soon identifies an
apprehends a criminal in the crowd
Murphy goes on to reduce crimes in
Detroit dramatically simultaneously
increasing public support for such new
kind of Robocop only his wife notices
her man might not be with his real soul
anymore
she then stops Murphy for questioning
but gets ignored nonetheless Murphy
searches the database for any
information about the woman and her son
which seems to remind him of his family
he then drives back to his home with the
camera images and simulation he recovers
his human emotions back to normal which
pushes him to fight for revenge
Murphy soon locates the drug dealer
who's instead noticed earlier by the
police insider
however Murphy never let go of any
chance this time he pursues and
terminates the drug dealer easily before
he identifies the insiders by the
fingerprints from the drop gun back to
the police station with the help of
surveillance
eva's Murphy tries to apprehend the two
corrupt police who instead confess that
the police chief has also involved
Murphy flies into rage but right before
he moves to arrest her
he's remotely shut down by the OCP
company who seems to care only about the
business and tries to cover the crimes
for its VIP clients the company even
misleads the public with fake news of
Murphy under huge pressure from the
public the government soon allows to
deploy robot cops in the United States
with his goal achieved the boss orders
the doctor to destroy Murphy while he's
being repaired however the doctor takes
off the transmitter placed in Murphy and
reveals him the truth
Murphy narrowly escapes out from the lab
meanwhile Murphy's wife confronts the
boss and demands to see her husband but
the boss lies to her that Murphy has
died from the combat Murphy returns and
storms the building and fronting the
giant drones sent to stop him with his
one arm cut off he frees himself and
tries to fight his way through the
bullet rain but he gets knocked down to
the ground right at that moment his
colleague shows up standing in between
to stop the giant drones Murphy seeks
the mere chance and escapes away on the
other side the boss is waiting for an
evacuation helicopter with Murphy's wife
and son as hostages Murphy makes his way
to the roof and want to arrest the boss
but Murphy is still prevented by the
programming while the boss over
confidently continues to taunt Murphy
Murphy overcomes the programming long
enough to kill the boss at last back to
the lab the doctor prepares a bland new
outfit for Murphy who shows the real
human emotions for the first time in his
robot horse this is Daniel CC movie
review bye